release-schema: update tag and publisher description for compiled releases (#1712)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/merging.md

### Discarded fields

> In the release schema, `"omitWhenMerged": true` is declared on fields that must be discarded during merging. These are presently: `id`, `date` `publisher` and `tag`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the release schema, `"omitWhenMerged": true` is declared on fields that must be discarded during merging. These are presently: `id`, `date`, `publisher` and `tag`.
```

* For a compiled release:

>   * Both the fields and their values are discarded, because they are metadata about the individual releases; the compiled release replaces these with its own metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Both the fields and their values are discarded, because they are metadata about the individual releases. The compiled release replaces these with its own metadata, as described below.
```

If `omitWhenMerged` is set to `false`, ignore it.

> ```{note}

Reviewer: I think this whole admonition can be removed now as it simply repeats the instructions in the merge routine.

1. For a compiled release:
  1. Set `date` to the maximum `date` among the releases.
  1. Set `id` to `{ocid}-{date}`.

>   1. Set `tag` to include all tag values from the individual releases together with "compiled".

Reviewer: Reuse wording from the field description. Use single quotes for codes.

```suggestion
  1. Set `tag` to all the unique tags from all the releases, plus the 'compiled' tag.
```

>   1. If using set `publisher` to the publisher of the compiled release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Optionally, set `publisher` to the publisher of the compiled release.
```
